There may be a particular point in which case your system is stable. But if you get any sort of my interpretations, you'll actually end up with Divergent.. 
 Is it take an existing schematics to an existing circuit diagram, and figure out what the operational amplifier does to a given signal or possibly what be out is or possibly what be out is in terms of the input signal. So let's practice.. 
Hi. Last time, we talked about nvcc method and how to reduce the number of equations. We had to deal with to solve a particular circuit. At this point. We're pretty well-equipped to self circuits in the general sense, but we really haven't talked about how to use that information or possibly use Targets in a particular way. Before we jump into both that and obstruction of circuits. We need to talk about offense. Offense is short for operational amplifier, and it's the tool that we can use in order to sample particular voltages from a subsection of a circuit without affecting it. Another thing we can use offense to do is modifier signal, or if we're going to sample, the voltage for a Tickler subsection of the Circuit week and then do stuff to that voltage without affecting the circuit. All within the op amp or within the offense, special subset of circuitry.. 
So first of all, what is an operational amplifier? Well operational Flyers, a giant web of transistors button. Operation operational amplifier does is act as his dependent voltage source, they can effectively sample voltages from existing circuit and then use them to power on some of their objective. For instance, a lightbulb. If you set up this kind of circuit, you will actually be powering this light bulb with 55 because the light bulb itself acts as a resistor. And so the voltage drop across this part of the circuit is going to be different from just five holes. If you want to enable the shop at 5 V across this. 
 Only operational amplifiers we've been working with so far deal with the out in terms of the end where Vivian is driven through the positive terminal and the negative terminals, typically connected to ground. You can do the opposite and end up with some interesting effects, but it comes at a cost. It is entirely possible that you will end up driving her off into an unstable equilibrium, what you need to look at in this relationship.. 
 The first thing I'd like to quickly mention is that there are some terms associated with offense that you might hear use by the staff for online that sort of thing, a buffer and his followers are the same thing. And that's explicitly when you want a sample of signal. Are you want to sample of particular voltage? I don't want to multiply or add it to something, or do you know, any, any kind of LTI operations that we might be able to do using offense in this course.. 
 The other thing to note is that the power wheels on your op amp limit, its range of expressivity. And I think I've said this before, but it's worth mentioning again. If you're up, and it is only powered by 10 volts, it cannot amplify your input signal to a final value greater than 10 volts. Likewise, if your input value is a negative voltage and you're working with a non inverting amplifier.. 
 When you see an op amp on the schematic diagram, it'll frequently look like this.. 
Light bulb, then you have to stick up an op-amp. You have to use an op-amp to sample. The voltage drop at this component, and put it in between the lightbulb and the rest of the circuit.. 
 I found an expression for be out in the particular case where V is 10 V.. 